README.md, before:

# NeuroAI Trainee Resources

Resources accompanying an upcoming publication on the training of early career researchers in NeuroAI, prepared by the OpenBioML community. Please feel free to contribute any additional resources by filing an issue with suggestion or contributing content via pull requests.

*Table S1. NeuroAI initiatives and institutes*
| **Organisation**                                                                                                                          | **Website**                                                         |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| UNIQUE (Unifying Neuroscience and AI in Quebec) multi-institutional center in Quebec                                                      | https://www.unique.quebec/                                          |
| AI Institutes Virtual Organization (AIVO) coordinates the 25 AI institutes funded by the USA NSF and USDA-NIFA                            | https://aiinstitutes.org/                                           |
| ExpandAI: NSF ExpandAI program includes a track for minority serving institutions and AI institutes to propose together new partnerships. | https://aiinstitutes.org/expandai/                                  |
| OpenBioML (decentralised, collaborative research community to accelerate biology through machine learning and open-science)               | https://openbioml.org/                                              |
| MedARC (medical AI open initiative)                                                                                                       | https://www.medarc.ai/                                              |
| ARNI - NSF AI Institute for Artificial and Natural Intelligence (USA)                                                                     | https://arni-institute.org/                                         |
| Kempner Institute for the Study of Natural and Artificial Intelligence at Harvard University (USA)                                        | https://www.harvard.edu/kempner-institute/                          |
| Center for Computational Neuroscience and Artificial Intelligence, University of Oregon (USA)                                             | https://ion.uoregon.edu/neuroai                                     |
| Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory NeuroAI Center (USA)                                                                                        | https://www.cshl.edu/research/neuroscience/neuroai/                 |
| MIT Center for Brains, Minds and Machines (USA)                                                                                           | https://cbmm.mit.edu/                                               |
| Princeton NeuroAI within the Princeton Neuroscience Institute (USA)                                                                       | https://pni.princeton.edu/research-areas/neuroai/                   |
| Cambridge Computational and Biological Learning Lab (UK)                                                                                  | https://www.cbl-cambridge.org/                                      |
| Cambridge Centre for the Future of Intelligence (UK)                                                                                      | https://http://lcfi.ac.uk/                                          |
| University College London NeuroAI (UK)                                                                                                    | https://www.ucl.ac.uk/research/domains/neuroscience/ucl-neuroai/    |
| University of West London NeuroAI (UK)                                                                                                    | https://www.uwl.ac.uk/research/research-centres-and-groups/neuroai/ |
| Norwegian Artificial Intelligence Research Consortium (NORA) NeuroAI Special Interest Group (Norway)                                      | https://www.nora.ai/nora-sig/NeuroAI/                               |
| Neuro-X institute at EPFL (Switzerland)                                                                                                   | https://neuro-x.epfl.ch/en/                                         |
| Center for Human Nature, Artificial Intelligence, and Neuroscience (CHAIN), Hokkaido University (Japan)                                   | https://www.chain.hokudai.ac.jp/wordpress/?lang=en                  |
| Minds, Brains, and Machines initiative at New York University (USA)                                                                       | https://mbm.cds.nyu.edu/                                            |
| Institute of Science and Technology for Brain-inspired Intelligence (ISTBI), Fudan University (China)                                     | https://istbi.fudan.edu.cn/lnen/About_ISTBI/Introduction.htm        |
| Center for Excellence in Brain Science and Intelligence Technology, Institute of Neuroscience, Chinese Academy of Sciences (China)        | http://english.cebsit.cas.cn/                                       |
| Brain-inspired Cognitive Intelligence Lab, Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences (China)                                   | https://braincog.ai/                                                |
| Tsinghua Laboratory of Brain and Intelligence, Tsinghua University (China)                                                                | https://brain.tsinghua.edu.cn/en/                                   |
| Guangdong Institute of Intelligence Science and Technology (China)                                                                        | https://www.gdiist.cn/en/about/jianjie                              |


*Table S2. Neuro-, AI-, and NeuroAI resources for trainees*
| Resource                                            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Website                                                                                                    |
|-----------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Neuromatch                                          | Open-source neuroscience (and climate science!) teaching materials and courses with live instruction classrooms; Matching people with research, career, collaboration opportunities.                                                              | https://neuromatch.io/                                                                                     |
| Neuromatch: NeuroAI                                 | Neuromatch has recently released new material with a special focus on NeuroAI.                                                                                                                                                                    | https://neuromatch.io/neuroai-course/                                                                      |
| Neuromatch: Deep Learning                           | Neuromatch's introduction material for students interested in starting in AI / Deep Learning.                                                                                                                                                     | https://deeplearning.neuromatch.io/tutorials/intro.html                                                    |
| NeuroTheory forum                                   | Online computational neuroscience talks.                                                                                                                                                                                                          | https://www.world-wide.org/Neuro/The-Neurotheory-Forum                                                     |
| Neuro4ML                                            | This is a freely available online course on neuroscience for people with a machine learning background. The aim is to bring together these two fields that have a shared goal in understanding intelligent processes.                             | https://neuro4ml.github.io/                                                                                |
| MIT Brains, Minds, and Machines (BMM) summer course | BMM gives advanced students a “deep end” introduction to the problem of intelligence – how the brain produces intelligent behaviour and how we may be able to replicate intelligence in machines. Lectures from prior years are available online. | https://cbmm.mit.edu/summer-school                                                                         |
| Neurohackademy                                      | Hybrid online-in-person summer school in neuroimaging and data science, with a focus on open science.                                                                                                                                             | https://neurohackademy.org/                                                                                |
| Brain Inspired (Podcast)                            | Podcast with interviews of researchers connecting neuroscience and AI. They also offer a pay-to-access online course in NeuroAI.                                                                                                                  | https://braininspired.co/                                                                                  |
| The NeuroAI Archive                                 | Blog by Patrick Mineault covering ongoing topics in NeuroAI.                                                                                                                                                                                      | https://www.neuroai.science/                                                                               |
| NeuroAI paper lists                                 | Researcher curated lists with example papers for students interested in NeuroAI.                                                                                                                                                                  | https://github.com/CYHSM/awesome-neuro-ai-papers                                                           |
| Massive Online Open Courses (MOOCs)                 | Free online courses on a wide variety of topics, some of which provide academic credit.                                                                                                                                                           | https://www.mooc.org/ , https://www.edx.org/ , https://www.coursera.org/ , https://ocw.mit.edu/ and others |
| List of neuroscience datasets (MRC CBU)             | List of openly available neuroscience datasets hosted by the MRC CBU.                                                                                                                                                                             | https://imaging.mrc-cbu.cam.ac.uk/methods/OpenDatasets                                                     |
| List of machine learning / AI datasets (Wikipedia)  | List of openly available machine learning / AI datasets hosted by Wikipedia.                                                                                                                                                                      | https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_datasets_for_machine-learning_research                               |



The survey questions and other information are provided in [Survey Questions](https://github.com/8erberg/NeuroAI_Trainee_Resources/blob/main/NeuroAI_trainees_Survey_overview.pdf)

Analysis of survey responses is provided in Figure 2 of the manuscript. 
A further overview of the individual responses is provided in [Figure S1: Overview of survey responses](https://github.com/8erberg/NeuroAI_Trainee_Resources/blob/main/Figure_S1_Overview_of_responses.png)

Data will be provided here upon publication of the manuscript.

Commit message:

Added conference links to table S2

README.md, after:

# NeuroAI Trainee Resources

Resources accompanying an upcoming publication on the training of early career researchers in NeuroAI, prepared by the OpenBioML community. Please feel free to contribute any additional resources by filing an issue with suggestion or contributing content via pull requests.

*Table S1. NeuroAI initiatives and institutes*
| **Organisation**                                                                                                                          | **Website**                                                         |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| UNIQUE (Unifying Neuroscience and AI in Quebec) multi-institutional center in Quebec                                                      | https://www.unique.quebec/                                          |
| AI Institutes Virtual Organization (AIVO) coordinates the 25 AI institutes funded by the USA NSF and USDA-NIFA                            | https://aiinstitutes.org/                                           |
| ExpandAI: NSF ExpandAI program includes a track for minority serving institutions and AI institutes to propose together new partnerships. | https://aiinstitutes.org/expandai/                                  |
| OpenBioML (decentralised, collaborative research community to accelerate biology through machine learning and open-science)               | https://openbioml.org/                                              |
| MedARC (medical AI open initiative)                                                                                                       | https://www.medarc.ai/                                              |
| ARNI - NSF AI Institute for Artificial and Natural Intelligence (USA)                                                                     | https://arni-institute.org/                                         |
| Kempner Institute for the Study of Natural and Artificial Intelligence at Harvard University (USA)                                        | https://www.harvard.edu/kempner-institute/                          |
| Center for Computational Neuroscience and Artificial Intelligence, University of Oregon (USA)                                             | https://ion.uoregon.edu/neuroai                                     |
| Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory NeuroAI Center (USA)                                                                                        | https://www.cshl.edu/research/neuroscience/neuroai/                 |
| MIT Center for Brains, Minds and Machines (USA)                                                                                           | https://cbmm.mit.edu/                                               |
| Princeton NeuroAI within the Princeton Neuroscience Institute (USA)                                                                       | https://pni.princeton.edu/research-areas/neuroai/                   |
| Cambridge Computational and Biological Learning Lab (UK)                                                                                  | https://www.cbl-cambridge.org/                                      |
| Cambridge Centre for the Future of Intelligence (UK)                                                                                      | https://http://lcfi.ac.uk/                                          |
| University College London NeuroAI (UK)                                                                                                    | https://www.ucl.ac.uk/research/domains/neuroscience/ucl-neuroai/    |
| University of West London NeuroAI (UK)                                                                                                    | https://www.uwl.ac.uk/research/research-centres-and-groups/neuroai/ |
| Norwegian Artificial Intelligence Research Consortium (NORA) NeuroAI Special Interest Group (Norway)                                      | https://www.nora.ai/nora-sig/NeuroAI/                               |
| Neuro-X institute at EPFL (Switzerland)                                                                                                   | https://neuro-x.epfl.ch/en/                                         |
| Center for Human Nature, Artificial Intelligence, and Neuroscience (CHAIN), Hokkaido University (Japan)                                   | https://www.chain.hokudai.ac.jp/wordpress/?lang=en                  |
| Minds, Brains, and Machines initiative at New York University (USA)                                                                       | https://mbm.cds.nyu.edu/                                            |
| Institute of Science and Technology for Brain-inspired Intelligence (ISTBI), Fudan University (China)                                     | https://istbi.fudan.edu.cn/lnen/About_ISTBI/Introduction.htm        |
| Center for Excellence in Brain Science and Intelligence Technology, Institute of Neuroscience, Chinese Academy of Sciences (China)        | http://english.cebsit.cas.cn/                                       |
| Brain-inspired Cognitive Intelligence Lab, Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences (China)                                   | https://braincog.ai/                                                |
| Tsinghua Laboratory of Brain and Intelligence, Tsinghua University (China)                                                                | https://brain.tsinghua.edu.cn/en/                                   |
| Guangdong Institute of Intelligence Science and Technology (China)                                                                        | https://www.gdiist.cn/en/about/jianjie                              |


*Table S2. Neuro-, AI-, and NeuroAI resources for trainees*
| Resource                                            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Website                                                                                                    |
|-----------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Neuromatch                                          | Open-source neuroscience (and climate science!) teaching materials and courses with live instruction classrooms; Matching people with research, career, collaboration opportunities.                                                              | https://neuromatch.io/                                                                                     |
| Neuromatch: NeuroAI                                 | Neuromatch has recently released new material with a special focus on NeuroAI.                                                                                                                                                                    | https://neuromatch.io/neuroai-course/                                                                      |
| Neuromatch: Deep Learning                           | Neuromatch's introduction material for students interested in starting in AI / Deep Learning.                                                                                                                                                     | https://deeplearning.neuromatch.io/tutorials/intro.html                                                    |
| NeuroTheory forum                                   | Online computational neuroscience talks.                                                                                                                                                                                                          | https://www.world-wide.org/Neuro/The-Neurotheory-Forum                                                     |
| Neuro4ML                                            | This is a freely available online course on neuroscience for people with a machine learning background. The aim is to bring together these two fields that have a shared goal in understanding intelligent processes.                             | https://neuro4ml.github.io/                                                                                |
| MIT Brains, Minds, and Machines (BMM) summer course | BMM gives advanced students a “deep end” introduction to the problem of intelligence – how the brain produces intelligent behaviour and how we may be able to replicate intelligence in machines. Lectures from prior years are available online. | https://cbmm.mit.edu/summer-school                                                                         |
| CCN Lectures                                        | The Cognitive Computational Neuroscience conference is an annual meet-up for researchers interested in Neuroscience, Cognitive Science, and AI. Talks from prior years are available online.                                                      | https://www.youtube.com/@cogcompneuro                                                                      |
| Neuromonster Lectures                               | The Neuromonster meet-up is an annual meeting for researchers interested in biocomputation, neural theory, cognitive science, and artificial intelligence. Talks from prior years are available online.                                           | https://www.neuromonster.org/ and https://www.youtube.com/@ThoughtChannel/playlists                        |
| Neurohackademy                                      | Hybrid online-in-person summer school in neuroimaging and data science, with a focus on open science.                                                                                                                                             | https://neurohackademy.org/                                                                                |
| Brain Inspired (Podcast)                            | Podcast with interviews of researchers connecting neuroscience and AI. They also offer a pay-to-access online course in NeuroAI.                                                                                                                  | https://braininspired.co/                                                                                  |
| The NeuroAI Archive                                 | Blog by Patrick Mineault covering ongoing topics in NeuroAI.                                                                                                                                                                                      | https://www.neuroai.science/                                                                               |
| NeuroAI paper lists                                 | Researcher curated lists with example papers for students interested in NeuroAI.                                                                                                                                                                  | https://github.com/CYHSM/awesome-neuro-ai-papers                                                           |
| Massive Online Open Courses (MOOCs)                 | Free online courses on a wide variety of topics, some of which provide academic credit.                                                                                                                                                           | https://www.mooc.org/ , https://www.edx.org/ , https://www.coursera.org/ , https://ocw.mit.edu/ and others |
| List of neuroscience datasets (MRC CBU)             | List of openly available neuroscience datasets hosted by the MRC CBU.                                                                                                                                                                             | https://imaging.mrc-cbu.cam.ac.uk/methods/OpenDatasets                                                     |
| List of machine learning / AI datasets (Wikipedia)  | List of openly available machine learning / AI datasets hosted by Wikipedia.                                                                                                                                                                      | https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_datasets_for_machine-learning_research                               |



The survey questions and other information are provided in [Survey Questions](https://github.com/8erberg/NeuroAI_Trainee_Resources/blob/main/NeuroAI_trainees_Survey_overview.pdf)

Analysis of survey responses is provided in Figure 2 of the manuscript. 
A further overview of the individual responses is provided in [Figure S1: Overview of survey responses](https://github.com/8erberg/NeuroAI_Trainee_Resources/blob/main/Figure_S1_Overview_of_responses.png)

Data will be provided here upon publication of the manuscript.
